Serenity Hills Maximum Security Institution for the Criminally Insane. I weren’t real sure why they needed such a long name but most folks called it Serenity. It was next to the main prison but apart from it, and no main prison inmate ever wanted to go near the place.

Its outer walls were bleak, gray, with rust tears dribbling from the barred windows. And, no matter if it was summer or winter, it was always gloomy in Serenity. The most notorious wing where the “high risk” patients lived had been home once.

Screams rang out, shrieks and cries of tortured souls. The alarm would sound——all high pitched screeching with flashing red lights——the doors of the cells would automatically slam and lock and radio chatter would fill the hallways from the guards. Shouts would come from the medical team desperately trying to save whoever got hurt, the inmates would slam and call out. The head guard, Val, would be near the victim and squawk “we have a green” ——minor injury—— “we have a red”——major injury——or “No.”

One word and the entire wing would fall into silence. It was a word that still echoed in my fitful dreams.

I lay somewhere near to that wing——near enough to hear Val’s voice carry——but I was barely conscious. When I did wake, I’d see a plastic screen over me or hear footsteps nearby but sometime after being sent back to Serenity, I’d developed a fever.

“Is she waking at all?” I heard one man ask often, concern in his voice. “Her temperature coming down?”

“No, doctor,” a woman would reply. “No change.”

“I don’t understand,” he’d tell her. “We removed the rest of the bullet. The bleeding has stopped. The antibiotics have worked, I can see the wound healing myself.”

“Yes, doctor,” the woman would say in a resigned tone. “But perhaps she has a condition we don’t know about?”

“I’ve checked everything.” He would tut, to himself or her, I wasn’t sure. “If the scanners weren’t on the blink, we could be more thorough.”

“Yes, doctor.” The nurse seemed as confused as him.

Then he would sigh. “Let me know if there is any change.”

And he would go, the nurse would go, and I would slip back into unconsciousness. I felt for him. He didn’t know my story and even if he did, I wondered if he’d believe enough to look for the right answers.

One thing I did understand was that they had no idea who I was. They had no idea I’d been there before.

But what I couldn’t know was why. 